# The Future of Cable and Streaming
In this document, I would discuss two articles which compare the future of cable TV and streaming service. Choice between traditional TV and rising streaming has been disputed for a long time. In the following paragraphs, I will present two different views towards this dispute. 

## Article 1
In Forbes' s [Streaming Video Viewing Will Surpass Cable TV Before The End Of This Year](https://www.forbes.com/sites/bradadgate/2022/08/01/streaming-video-viewing-will-surpass-cable-tv-before-the-end-of-this-year/?sh=235ea6a42ebf), it states that there is a continous shift in audience from cable TV to streaming video. According to the data that was being collected, cable TV's share of viewership has been dropped a lot in recent years. By contrast, the viewing share of streaming video has risen every month since March, 2022. Many famous streaming video platforms such as Netflix, Amazon Prime Video and Disney+ benefits from this trend. In general, they all have an increase in their viewership. 

In my personal perspective, I strongly believe that streaming would the major trend in today's world in recent years. Streaming video enable people to entertain themselves anywhere as long as they have a phone with them. Compared to traditional cable TV, it is cheaper and more convenient. However, the low price of streaming may not be able to last very long. In following years, the field of streaming would become more mature. The competition would become more intense. As a result, the price of streaming service would go up since the streaming platforms may spend more money purchasing the exclusive right to stream a live game or event. When the bottleneck period for streaming video platforms show up, it is cable TV's chance to become competitive again in the market. 

## Article 2
In Bloomberg's [Streaming Is Starting to Look A Lot Like Cable TV](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/newsletters/2022-08-14/streaming-is-starting-to-look-a-lot-like-cable-tv), it demonstrates a different view from the previous article. The article mentions that streaming is becoming less popular because its price is raising and it starts to introduce more advertisements. According to the data that was been collected,streaming services start to stop growing in the US. Disney+ would be a great example for this conclusion. Even though Disney+ added about 100,000 customers in the US and Canada last quarter, the growth was considered extremely slow since its base is 45 million. Netflix is facing a worse condition. It even lost a number of domestic customers. With all these clues, the article predicts that streaming would become more similar towards cable TV in the future.  

In my opinion, I strongly agree with the arguments in this article. It is obvious that streaming is the major trend in nowadays' world. However, no one could assure those drawbacks which happen to cable TV would not take place in streaming in the future. Streaming may encounter obstacles that cable TV used to face. It is a fact that the market is not immutable. Competition would always be a good thing for the market and consumers. Maybe in one day, the cable TV would become more competitive than streaming again. 